so I want to start out this video by
expressing my appreciation for all the
positive feedback I got from my first
video I is really encouraging to see
that so many people have subscribed to
my channel and it means a lot that
people want to hear what I have to say I
realize I'm in a privileged position
because I have appeared on my
boyfriend's channel and I think most of
those subscribers are from his channel
but it's cool you know I it means a lot
to me that people who watch his channel
want to watch mine because those are the
kind of people I want to interact with
so cool I thought I would read a comment
from the video that was posted to my
boyfriend's channel that my video but it
was posted to his channel so David asked
me what's the overall arch of the
channel going to be or should I say the
theme are you going to adjust these
works and then try to relate them to
modern times or just looking at them
from a historical perspective so I said
good questions David the objective of
the channel will probably evolve over
time but I think the main point of the
channel is to keep a record of what's
important to me at the time of recording
I think the video is discussing the
ancient Greek works will entail a bit of
both as he says relating them to modern
times and also looking at them from a
historical perspective I said I want to
discuss my impressions of each of the
works because I tend to forget a
significant percentage of what I read
however I do remember a topic butter if
I gather my thoughts and explain it to
someone else in this case to a general
YouTube audience I think I'll still
forget a lot of what I'm learning now
though so the main reason I hit record
is so that I can look back years from
now and jog my memory also having it in
a video format is easier to store and
retrieve than written form easier to
find so yeah that's what I said to him
and I might make a video going into this
in more detail but I hope I didn't give
the impression that this channel is only
gonna be about ancient Greek literature
or about what I'm reading I think that
is going to be a significant percentage
of it talking about what I'm learning
talking about my progression as an
intellectual but I think I will have
more informal videos I will have more
personal videos too so that's that
alright on to the first work that I want
to discuss
[Music]
the first work I want to discuss is the
constitution of the Athenians by pseudos
on a fun
it's called pseudos on a faun to
disambiguate him from Xenophon the
historian he is also called zeniff on
the order and the old oligarch the
reason for the last nickname the old
Hildegard is because he is in favor of
oligarchy he thinks it's the most
excellent system of government as
opposed to democracy which he is
reviewing he is reviewing the democracy
in Athens in this work so by the title
the constitution of the Athenians I
initially expected it to be a more
government type document like the United
States Constitution however it's not
that it is a treatise it which is a
formal work that deals with a subject
systematically in this case the subjects
that it discusses is the Athenian
democracy but it doesn't just talk about
the system of government it talks about
everyday life there it talks about the
festivals it talks about the social
attitudes it talks about the military
the Empire etc so the actual the actual
text is only eleven pages long in the
book that I'm reading but the
surrounding section of the book is 45
pages long so most of what I read is
like commentary introduction outline for
the text itself but the text is only 11
pages long it's brief but it's dense
there's a lot to reflect upon so that's
what I'm hoping to talk about here to
talk about my first impressions I'm not
an expert so these are just what this is
just what I'm thinking of when I first
read it there are some topics in the
constitution of the Athenians that I
think I can only talk about from an
historical standpoint such as the
festivals and the military it is
interesting to look at these topics in
the lens of the general cultural
deterioration that occurred afterwards
in Europe it's interesting to reflect
upon what aspects of Greek civilization
made it so culturally vibrant compared
to the centuries and centuries
afterwards and the Dark Ages in Europe
the author brushes off the festivals as
being a waste of time being a waste of
resources he complains that the
festivals interfere with the running of
the state I think that it must have been
a huge part of why Athens was such a
center of civilization why it was so
culturally vibrant and why was more
culturally vibrant than the Dark Ages a
big part of it was the festivals I also
think it must be noted that the Greek
temples at the time were beautiful and
when I saw the Acropolis I remember it
being very beautiful I remember seeing
the Parthenon at the top of the Athenian
Acropolis I was 10 years old so I
couldn't really appreciate the cultural
the historical importance of the
Acropolis but it's the only thing I
remember from being in Athens for one
day at 10 years old it's the only thing
I remember and it must have made life
more enjoyable for people in Athens it
must have led to this flourishing of
culture so the other topic that I can
only talk about from an historical
standpoint is the military so at the
time the Athenians were the rulers of
the sea and because of this they had
many advantages in trade they had many
advantages in warfare I say that I can
only talk about this historically
because trying to relate it to modern
times is kind of tricky technology and
industry has really revolutionized
warfare since the introduction of
gunpowder to Europe in the 13th century
it's really you can't compete with
gunpowder a fleet of rowers can't
compete with gunpowder especially they
can't compete with the later forms of
warfare such as chemical warfare and
nuclear warfare
so from this from from that I can only
relate to it historically but it is sad
to look back on it and real
that you know I just said that gunpowder
was introduced to Europe in the 13th
century well this is for 400 BC so for
years and years I really you know I'm
not an expert on military I'm not an
expert on the subject but it is
interesting to note that warfare didn't
change that much for centuries for
thousands of years and also horrifying
is that Christopher Columbus actually
use like geographical knowledge from
ancient Greece
can you imagine using maps from a
thousand years ago to sail the ocean
it's ridiculous I mean it really is
ridiculous and makes you question what
happened
what made civilization deteriorate so so
much compared to ancient Greece and also
I thought it was interesting to learn
about how piratical ancient Greece was
in the ancient world in general really
relied on piracy so people you know
literally having their own private ships
capturing enemy ships and then keeping
the loot for themselves this was
commonplace this was part of how the
ancient world ran so it is quite a
striking contrast reading these reading
these philosophers talking about
government talking about all different
subjects and knowing that even though
there was democracy in Athens many
Athenians were pirates so hmm and also
while I was reading this I really
questioned like doesn't imperialism
clash with democracy that the Athenian
Empire had many people as its subjects
because of their role to see they were
able to have whole island nations under
their subjugation they were able to have
cities under their subjugation and
suitors on a farm use it as pretty
predatory and I agree I think it was
predatory I'm I'm anti imperialist and
it doesn't take much imagine a magic to
think that if the subjects had to come
to Athens for legal proceedings they
wouldn't get a fair trial they'd be at
the mercy of the Athenians and they'd
have to act accordingly hum
so to me that is a negative of the
Athenian Empire and it makes me really
question can democracy exist alongside
Empire obviously it did at this time but
yeah so it is a question and however I
am conflicted to because the subject
states many of them that the Athenians
were in control of had oligarchy before
the Athenians took power so they routed
out oligarchy and replaced it with
democracy in many of these subjects
cities and also in any subject cities
where there was civil strife going on
where there was class warfare going on
the Athenians supported the lower
classes as an you know they didn't
support the the oligarchs they didn't
support the elite so I am conflicted
because the Athenians seemed to bring
about more democracy in ancient Greece
but they also had many subjects city as
many subjects States so that's my
impression of the military and festivals
so those aspects I can only look back on
historically and I don't really know if
I can relate them to modern times but
still I think it's interesting to
document my impressions document my
reflections it only takes a bit of
google searching to read about the
athenian democracy but i thought i
wouldn't record my impressions here of
just how amazing it was to learn about
it so certain offices were elected by
lottery which was amazing when i first
learned about it there was a council of
over 500 citizens elected by lottery and
these council members they would be
elected and serve a term for only one
year which that was also amazing to me
because i come from america where
congressman can stay in office for like
basically for life Supreme Court
justices can stay on the Supreme Court
until they die you know like many
positions in
America are kept for years and years and
so knowing that in ancient Greece people
only kept their positions for 1 years
pretty pretty interesting to reflect
upon and it must have had a different
dynamic and also as soon as I know fond
talks about how there they were they
were paid
so each councilmen was paid but it was
only because they would be taken away
from whatever employment employment they
had so it's not like there was an
incentive to be a council member because
you would get money from the state it
was like because you were a council
member you would get paid for the time
that you weren't at your normal job so
that is different the incentive was
different and the incentive really just
seemed to be involvement in civic life
so anyway all right so there was a
popular assembly which was open to all
male citizens and in this assembly all
male citizens could have their voices
heard has to be pointed out that the
assembly was only male citizens so no
women no slaves and no people who
weren't actually citizens of Athens
which kind of makes sense to me but yeah
so it's not really representative of
everybody in Athens and so you know it
was fairly representative but it has to
be pointed out that minorities were not
taken into account and the assembly was
responsible for declaring war it's
responsible for military strategy and
electing military and other officials so
yeah this this is true not all positions
were elected by lottery there were some
positions that they recognized you had
to have some special expertise in so
military officials were elected by this
assembly but they were not chosen by
lottery a typical meeting which was held
one to four times a month would contain
about 6000 people out of a population of
30 to 60 thousand so again I know it's
not really representative of
everybody but 6,000 out of 60,000 people
is still a good amount of people and I
really do you think that you couldn't
get a representation of the city from
that number of people I mean if you
think about it now what if 6000 people
in the city that you're living in showed
up to City Council don't you think that
people's voices would be heard don't you
think that you'd get a general opinion
of what the city thought from 6,000
people I mean I do so after having
learned more about the details of
Athenian democracy and being impressed
with the system
I wondered why don't more countries
today imitate the Athenian form of
government why aren't there any true
democracies today today there are
oligarchies there are thinly veiled
dictatorships say they aren't
dictatorships but really they are
because they don't have free and open
elections and then there are just
straight-up dictatorships why don't more
countries imitate Athenian democracy I
was just in China and in China there has
never been an election never been an
election so they are not democratic
whatsoever and right now today the
Communist Party is in charge of all
major policy decisions and I just
recently visited Thailand where
everybody is under the control of a
military dictatorship now when I visited
these places they were quite pleasant
things weren't falling apart but
obviously there was a shadow hanging
over everything because I knew that the
citizens don't really have Liberty and
they don't really have justice and
growing up in America I would I would
recite the Pledge of Allegiance every
morning I pledge allegiance to the flag
of the United States of America and to
the Republic for which it stands one
nation under God indivisible with
liberty and justice for all
so in that I knew that what was the best
way to go is to have liberty and justice
for all but I wasn't paying attention to
the most important part of that which is
that I pledge allegiance to the flag of
the United States of America and to the
Republic so I didn't actually grow up in
a democracy even though I was told from
a young
the democracy is important I didn't
really grow up in a democracy the
founding fathers had high hopes for the
country but they didn't want it to be a
democracy they were critical of
democracy they considered democracy to
be mob rule
so they set it up as a republic a
republic where the people would elect
citizens to represent them in government
and these representatives were supposed
to listen to the citizens and make laws
under the the expectation that they
would represent the people I know that
the founders couldn't have foreseen the
problems that came with the system of
government and you know I I'm
sympathetic but it must be pointed out
there are many flaws in the American
political system it's not a good system
of government there are many issues that
need to be resolved and it makes me
wonder what if we were living in a
democracy today would things be better I
grew up in Detroit where the system of
government was obviously a republic but
it didn't help the city from crumbling
it became riddled with crime it
bankrupted itself and the system of
government utterly failed its citizens
the elected officials were corrupt even
the school board officials were corrupt
and I have to wonder if there had been a
different system of government would
people have been more accountable
couldn't changes in this city have been
dealt with in a better way so you know
it is it is really important to think
about it and it is you know fundamental
to our future fundamental to the future
of society what form of government is
best what can we do to improve the form
of government that is currently in
effect so I do remote like I do wonder
what countries could become I wonder
about the future of Education I wonder
about the future of health care about
the future of war about the future of
social services and I wonder if things
could be better if we had an assembly if
we had a Council of people that were
elected that only served one year terms
if we had an assembly where people could
have their voices heard if people can
make their
arguments in front of a group of
competent council members wouldn't we be
better off so yeah I really do find this
to be very important to talk about and
I'm really glad that I read this because
I'm really getting a lot of value out of
this works but in particular like just
thinking about the actual system of
government and how can we improve our
current systems of government I
sympathize with suit of pseudos on a fun
when he's critical of democracy he says
that the Athenian system benefited the
common people but he characterizes the
common people as ignorant and bad he
says that it's easier to get away with
being wicked under a democracy than
under an oligarchy and I totally
sympathize with him and I do often
wonder do people really have the ability
to not devolve into mob rule if we were
to give them tamaak recei I I care about
the future of veganism in particular and
I do wonder about whether having a
different system of government if that
would lead to more or less veganism
because in the system of government
currently in effect in America you don't
need a majority of people to be in favor
of a law for it to be passed and if
we're ever going to be able to get the
dairy and egg industry propaganda out of
schools which system of government would
be better to accomplish that democracy
or a republic like is currently in
effect in America I know it's a pipe
dream but if we had a democracy and if
everybody in the country had to vote
should we close factory farms I think
it's fairly obvious that the majority of
people would vote no keep the factory
farms so I mean maybe I'd be surprised
but I don't think that's the case the
majority of people continue to eat meat
every day and I think even with a well
informed opinion most people would vote
no we should keep the factory farms in
effect so I do sympathise with su design
upon here
and I am inclined to think that the
masses really are wicked that the masses
are ignorant and bad and that maybe a
republic is a better form of government
maybe this is a better way to make sure
that the minority is representative
sorry that the minority is
representative in government so those
are my impressions from the Constitution
of the Athenians next I'm going to talk
about Sena funds politi eight of the
spartans and maybe contrast how the
system of government in Sparta was
different from the system government
and in Athens so stay tuned
[Applause]